README.md, before:

# Introduction 

Contributors: Heasabe Payment Collections - Hesabe Team

Version v2.0.4

#### WooCommerce Hesabe API 2.0

Allows you to use Hesabe payment gateway with the WooCommerce plugin.

``` This is Hesabe payment gateway for WooCommerce. Allows you to use Hesabe payment gateway with the WooCommerce plugin. It is strongly recommended for Kuwait payment. ```


# Getting Started

1. Ensure you have latest version of WooCommerce plugin installed

2. Unzip and upload contents of the plugin to your /wp-content/plugins/ directory

3. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress


== Screenshots ==

1. WooCommerce payment gateway setting page

2. Hesabe setting page

3. Hesabe Payment gateway option at the checkout page


== Verified Versions ==

1. ##### Wordpress
    - wordpress-5.8
    - wordpress-5.8.3
2. ##### woocommerce
    - woocommerce.5.5.2
    - woocommerce.6.1.0
    
 == Change Log == 
 - Release v2.0.3 | Updated deprecated methods
 - Release v2.0.4 | Currency Converter Included

Commit message:

PSIAT-184 direct method wordpress plugin

README.md, after:

# Introduction 

Contributors: Heasabe Payment Collections - Hesabe Team

Version v4.0.0

#### WooCommerce Hesabe API 4.0

Allows you to use Hesabe payment gateway with the WooCommerce plugin.

``` This is Hesabe payment gateway for WooCommerce. Allows you to use Hesabe payment gateway with the WooCommerce plugin. It is strongly recommended for Kuwait payment. ```


# Getting Started

1. Ensure you have latest version of WooCommerce plugin installed

2. Unzip and upload Hesabe woocommerce plugin to your /wp-content/plugins/ directory 

    OR

3. Open wordpress admin panel Plugins->Add New Plugin->Upload plugin , select and upload hesabe plugin 


4. Activate the plugin through the Plugins->Installed Plugins in admin panel.

5. To enable the Hesabe payment method
    a. Goto Woocommerce ->Settings ->Payment
    b. Enable Hesabe Online Payment 
    c. Select the Payment methods if you select Direct payment method
    d. Enable Demo mode if you are testing with test credentials and disable it while using production      credentials.
    e. Enable Currency converter also if needed.
    f. Save changes.
    



== Screenshots ==

1. WooCommerce payment gateway setting page

2. Hesabe setting page

3. Hesabe direct method

4. Hesabe Payment gateway option at the checkout page
